from http://career-advice.monster.com/resumes-cover-letters/resume-samples/sample-resume-it-project-manager-experienced/article.aspx


    Sam Yu, PMP, MBA, Six Sigma Black Belt
    389 S. Mercer Ave. | Sometown, NJ 07175 | 555.555.5555 | sy@somedomain.com

    Senior IT Project Manager
    SOFTWARE/RDBMS DEVELOPMENT | ENTERPRISE IMPLEMENTATIONS | SYSTEMS ENGINEERING 
    Experienced project manager offering 12 years of success leading all phases of diverse technology projects; PMP, MBA and Six Sigma Black Belt credentials; degrees in CIS and accounting; and five years of computer programming and business finance experience.
    Business strategist; plan and manage multimillion-dollar projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage and bottom-line gains.
    Excellent communicator; leverage technical, business and financial acumen to communicate effectively with client executives and their respective teams.
    Expert in agile and waterfall project management methodologies. Able to manage large project teams and known for high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets.
    Skills Summary

    Project Management:
    Custom Software Development
    Database Design (RDBMS)
    Systems Engineering
    System Migrations/Integrations
    Enterprisewide Implementations  IT Project Lifecycle:
    Requirements Analysis
    ROI Analysis
    Costing & Budgeting
    Project Scheduling
    Testing/QA/Rollout/Support  Value-Added Leadership:
    Cross-Functional Supervision
    Team Building & Mentoring
    Client Relations & Presentations
    Business & IT Planning
    Vendor Management
    Career Progression

    ABC CONSULTING (Sometown, NY), Senior Project Manager, 2006 to 2011
    XYZ CONSULTING (Sometown, NY), Project Manager, 1999 to 2005

    Recruited by two of the nation’s leading IT consulting firms to provide project management over large-scale, top-priority and complex technology initiatives. Managed budgets of up to $8M and cross-functional teams of up to 25 developers, programmers, analysts and network specialists.

    Drove the high-quality completion of systems engineering, software/database development and enterprisewide implementation projects for F500 clients including:

    Coca-Cola Enterprises
    H. J. Heinz Company
    Allied Waste Industries Kimberly-Clark
    Caterpillar
    Cigna   American Express
    Citigroup
    McDonald's
    Achievement Highlights:

    Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.
    Mitigated risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data. Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.
    Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.
    Honored with ABC’s “CEO Award” in 2011 in recognition of outstanding project results.
    Representative Projects (1999 to 2011)

    Systems Engineering: Led design and multinational rollout of robust, scalable and secure electronic data interchange (EDI), enterprise resource planning (ERP) and point-of-sale (POS) systems for clients including AmEx, Citigroup and McDonald’s.
    Results: Completed projects up to two months ahead of schedule, as much as $1.2M under budget and to universal client acclaim.
    Custom Software Developments: Managed all phases of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for dozens of custom solutions.
    Results: Delivered industry-leading software that saved clients millions of dollars, shortened processes from weeks to minutes, captured #1 market share and generated up to $21M in annual revenues within year one of launch.
    Database Developments: Guided teams in the development of relational database management systems (RDBMS) for clients including Coca-Cola, Caterpillar and Allied Waste Industries.
    Results: Improved the consistency, recoverability and accessibility of data.
    System Integrations/Migrations: Project-managed large-scale initiatives involving the transition of programs to new platforms and the merger of disparate systems from acquired client companies. 
    Results: Achieved seamless migrations and integrations that were transparent to client customers, accomplished with no unscheduled downtime and delivered by as much as $750K under budget.
    Enterprise Implementations: Directed global rollouts of new software and systems for clients including Kimberly-Clark and Cigna.
    Results: Ensured defect-free releases through careful planning, testing and QA efforts.
    Early Career

    DEF COMPANY (Sometown, NY), COMPUTER PROGRAMMER, 1997 to 1999
    Completed programming assignments to enhance automated data/voice applications and software within mainframe, network and client/server environments. Improved functioning of databases, communication systems, storage area networks and server configurations.

    123 COMPANY (Sometown, NY), CREDIT ANALYST, 1994 to 1996
    Assessed customer credit risk and established credit limits by analyzing financial information. Conducted collection calls, resolved disputes and maintained accurate credit and collection files.

    Education & Credentials

    MBA (GPA: 3.8), XYZ University (Sometown, NY), 2009

    BS in CIS (GPA: 3.75), ABC University (Sometown, NY), 1997

    AS in Accounting, DEF College (Sometown, NJ), 1994

    PMI-Certified Project Management Professional (PMP), 2007

    Six Sigma Black Belt, 2006

    389 S. Mercer Ave. | Sometown, NJ 07175 | 555.555.5555 | sy@somedomain.com