 AZCOMP Technologies, Inc. has been a leader in healthcare software and IT for 
 over 12 years. An exciting, innovative company, AZCOMP is renowned for 
 providing a level of service that is unparalleled amongst our competitors. 
 
 Our dynamic team strives to enhance the customer's sales, training, and support 
 	experience, and is driven to be the best. 

 We are a solid, successful company with solid group of team members that like to laugh and have fun while being successful. 

 We have a great company culture - 25 employees - fun and appreciative boss and coworkers. 
 We have a great balance of personalities so everyone gets along- no office drama! 
 Benefits include medical and dental coverage, paid holidays, paid vacation, paid sick days, 401k.

This is a great opportunity for the right person who is dynamic, fun loving, 
and hard working to join our awesome team.

The right person will need:
- Passion and determination to get the job done
- Likeable, fun, and hard-working
- Ability to change and adapt - seriously, things move quick around here
- Desire to help customers and deliver phenomenal service
- A love for technology

In turn, we will provide:
- A great place to work
- Challenges and opportunities
- Awesome coworkers
- Competitive compensation
- Stability
- Medical and dental coverage, paid holidays, paid vacation, paid sick days, 401k


Business is booming for us. Really, its busy - and we like it that way. We keep on our toes. 
Get ready to change and evolve as we strive to be cutting edge and take advantage of new technologies. 
This position is ever developing, changing, and advancing like the technologies we implement for our customers.



THE SKINNY:
Get ready for the fun! We provide and support EMR and Patient Accounting software to medical offices. 
We service hundreds of medical offices not only here in AZ, but around the country. 
We feel that the work we do in keeping their technology humming along helps empower them to deliver better care for their patients. 
Our customers range from very small (5 employees) to medium (50 employees) with multiple branch offices. 
The environments range in complexity. 
This position is responsible for resolving technical support issues with the medical software, troubleshooting issues, and communicating with customers. 
In short, we are responsible for keeping our end client's systems running so they can help their patients. 
We keep things hopping around here.



- Personal core values similar to ours (see below).
AZCOMP Core Values :
1. We deliver PHENOMENAL
2. We work hard, play hard
3. We care about the One
4. We check our egos at the door
5. We chase Mavericks -- (We believe challenges are opportunities)
6. We exercise real communication -- (Leave the drama with your mama)
7. We do the right thing
8. We surf Jaws -- (We innovate and improve)
9. We get our Jack Bauer on! -- (We bring Passion and Determination)

- Excellent communications skills, both verbal and written - talk geek to us, we love it, just not the customer.

- Strong customer relationship skills.

- Organized, detail oriented and self-motivated.

- Talk nerdy to me--er, all of us. Know your stuff and talk about it confidently, accurately, and honestly.

- Provide and maintain detailed documentation on each job.

- Ability to rock the mic like a vandal. Okay, maybe not rap, but you do have to be able to communicate extremely well - both in voice and written.

- Ability to remain in contact with the client thru the completion of the incident.

- Problem-solving abilities and ability to meet reasonable deadlines.

- Be detail-oriented. Know how to soar at 30,000 feet but also be comfortable diving into the details and getting those hands dirty.

- Willingness to develop professionally - we goin' places.

- Love to laugh. If you take yourself too seriously, then avert your eyes from this description now. That being said, you should absolutely take your job seriously.

- Oh yeah, and a desire to contribute to an awesome team and culture.

- Live for IT - seriously, you read IT blogs for fun. We want someone who has passion for IT and wants to use it to better our customers and this company.

- Be organized, ahead of schedule, communicative, accountable--in short, own your role entirely, while being open to critiques, suggestions, and new ideas.

- Play really nice with others. We're a tight-knit, highly collaborative team, and we keep it that way.

- Experience in technical support is preferred, but not required.

- General knowledge of Microsoft based software.

- Medical/EMR software knowledge is preferred, but not required.

DETAILS ON THE POSITION:
- Job opening is available immediately
- Office is located in Gilbert (Cooper & Elliot)
- Full time position
- Entry Level


If you are the right candidate for this position, we want you on our team. To apply for this job please complete the following steps:

1. Email us your resume by responding to this posting. Make sure to put "Technical Support Jedi" in the subject line as we are hiring for several positions at this time.
2. Listen, we get a lot of resumes and it's not easy finding the right person sorting through a tall stack. Make yourself stick out - do something to help us find YOU.

ABOUT US:
Since AZCOMP'S inception we have had one ambition- to provide the very best to the people we are so privileged to work with. From the products we choose to endorse, to the employees we hire, to the services we provide- our commitment to provide the best affects every decision we make.

In the late 1960's a few exec's at NASA we're giving a private tour of the facility. While passing a janitor, someone from the tour asked what he did for NASA and the janitor's response was, "I helped get a man on the moon!" That janitor had a clear understanding that the role he played was part of a much bigger mission. With that same understanding, AZCOMP is not just interested in a support tech. We want someone who is as passionate as we are in helping us empower small medical practices to deliver the best care!

Our Promise to our Customers:
We can't promise that hardware won't fail, that software will always function properly, or that we will always be perfect. But we can promise you that we always put measures in place to help minimize your risks. And in the event that something goes wrong, that you can count on us to rise to the occasion, take responsibility, and do everything in our power to either fix it, or deliver an acceptable solution.

AZCOMP Core Values :
1. We deliver PHENOMENAL
2. We work hard, play hard
3. We care about the One
4. We check our egos at the door
5. We chase Mavericks -- (We believe challenges are opportunities)
6. We exercise real communication -- (Leave the drama with your mama)
7. We do the right thing
8. We surf Jaws -- (We innovate and improve)
9. We get our Jack Bauer on! -- (We bring Passion and Determination)

===============================================================================

To all of my customers, 
	I deliver PHENOMENAL support.
Whether it be an OS issue,
	or the simple forwarding of a port. 

Because I know what it's like
	to get a terribad agent
They sound like their dead
	and don't care, it's flagrant. 

My customers have always loved me
	not because I know everything
But because I'm their advocate
	And they're my queen or king. 

For the most part I'm organized,
	detail oriented, and motivated
While at work, anyway,
	at home I'm less dedicated. 

Documentation is important
	it's not only to be written,
I ensure it's understandable 
	before I start submitting

Vanilla Ice and I go way back
	it's useful to know
incase the late 80's return
	and you need some sick flow. 

Whether it be minutes or hours
	communication is key
Using tools to keep contact with clients
	else to other providers they will flee. 

I have an analytical mind
	that solves many problems 
I look at them like puzzles
	they're only so many systems. 

The devil is in the deets, 
	I think we all know.
That's why I comfortable talking from way up
	or even way low. 

Professional development is
	the name of my game
When I list off my interests, though
	I sound kind of lame. 

I love to laugh, 
	whenever I'm able
if it messes with the mission, tho,
	that goes off the table. 

I don't follow blogs
	since they killed off GReader
but i still amass knowledge
	with my handy e-reader.

Hardware, software,
	it's addictive to me
Heck I'm that guy
	That's busy installing DD-WRT

That's all I wrote, 
	that's all I can do
My brains turned to mush 
	and my fingers are blue. 


Ok, now more seriously, let me try and clear up or add some things that I did not know how to adequately express in my little rhyme. My name is Jeremiah Marks and I AM the jedi you are looking for. I mean seriously, lets start with the AZCOMP Core Values:

1. We deliver PHENOMENAL
	I was raised on what customer service should be, and it should be phenomenal each and every time. Customers do have a choice where their money goes and frequently when they need support they have that close in mind. I always have striven to provide what I would expect from a customer service experience. I really think that this concept goes with number seven (We do the right thing) more than most people realize. 
2. We work hard, play hard
	Since my idea of playing is normally quite similar to my idea of work (just on my own computers and systems, not the customers) I can say that I do work and play hard. 
3. We care about the One
	Not really sure what this means, but I did enjoy the Matrix movies (including the Animatrix). Does that count?
4. We check our egos at the door
	I am good with this. My favorite thing is to get someone to teach me something new or show me a better way of doing something.
5. We chase Mavericks -- (We believe challenges are opportunities)
	I love figuring out how to do things. When I run into a problem I relish the opportunity to learn more about the subject so that in the future I am a better, smarter me. 
6. We exercise real communication -- (Leave the drama with your mama)
	I really don't know what to say about this other than I hate drama. I am open to and can provide constructive criticism without holding a grudge. 
7. We do the right thing
	This is really important to me. Sometimes the right thing hurts, however there is a reason it is the right thing. As my background in providing support is mostly for larger companies I have learned to espouse the roll of the customers advocate when called for. I have found that not only does that make me feel pretty good, it often times makes the customer many times happier to be a customer of mine. 
8. We surf Jaws -- (We innovate and improve)
	In the past couple of weeks I have read the Advanced Bash Scripting Guide as well as Pro Git. I love learning new technologies, protocols, scripting languages, programming languages, etc., etc. because it allows me to try different approaches to things that I am already doing while improving myself. 
9. We get our Jack Bauer on! -- (We bring Passion and Determination) 
	While I have never watched 24, I think I have an idea of what you mean here. I am passionate about IT and when I meet an issue that is new to me I never even think "I can never solve this" because I know that I can solve anything so long as I am determined to resolve it. 




In the job description you state first to "talk geek to us" then later "talk nerdy to me", so let me tell you about my network and general knowledge. 

I have built several computers and Frankenstein's monster-ed several other computers, from high end gaming computers to browser/email jobs. I love installing alternate operating systems on anything I can: so far one iPhone, three different android phones (with two or three different OS's each), three routers, and a whole slew of computers and virtual machines. 

I feel naked if I can't SSH to the computers on my network. So much so that I point a domain at my home network for easier access. I even keep a shell available via web browser on both my home network and the server that I rent from a hosting company. 

I have a 5 letter domain name (http://til.la) that makes me feel a lot cooler than it probably should. Especially when I get to use the subdomains "tor" and "flo" for silly little projects. 

I taught myself Python. Not enough that I am actually good, but enough that I scripted most of my calculus I, II and III homework and the year of Java I took was a cakewalk because I already understood the concepts and only had to learn the syntax.
















My modem is nothing special, just a plain old surfboard connected to cable internet. Next, though, is my router, it is a D-Link DIR-615-E3 that I picked up for $3.50 at goodwill. I have since installed dd-wrt on it. I have gone through a couple of different builds of dd-wrt, mostly because my first build I could not SSH into it, but then my second build I could not reserve IP addresses on the network. I eventually gave up the cool blanket of ssh because the ability to reserve ip addresses is considerably more important to me. 

Directly attached to my router is a computer that was gifted to me. It currently has a processor that is older than dirt, less than 1/2 gb of ram, and a 20 Gb HDD. It is serving a basic LAMP server to http://brilliantjenny.com:51630/ and acts as a central sync location for several applications I use. 

Also connected to my router is also a dlink des-1105 switch. I like to that that I keep it at my desk because it gives me an easy place to plug computers in before I get their wireless hardware installed or when troubleshooting various network issues, but the truth is I just brought it from my brother in laws house because I have never used a switch before and I wanted to play with it. 

Connected to the switch is my little work horse, just a simple laptop running Ubuntu 12.04 (unless you are reading this after Thursday, then it will be 14.04 ) It dual boots Windows/Ubuntu, and I have Virtual Box running installs of Arch, CentOS, and Mint. Really I "had" those installed, this weekend I broke an external hard drive that actually has the VMs on it, and I need to wait until I get a job before I can get the usb->PCI connector so I can access them again. They (the operating systems) were installed so that I could write several scripts that set up a taskwarrior server on the OS. [ https://github.com/jeremiahmarks/taskdsetup ]

Connected to wifi is my cell phone, an adroid device that currently has AOKP ( http://aokp.co/ ) installed, but has also had cyanogynmod (http://www.cyanogenmod.org/) and slimbean(http://www.slimroms.net/) at one point or another. 

Also connected to WiFi is the Frankenstein's monster of the first computer I ever built. It started life as a relatively high end gaming machine for my brother in law when he was just barely entering high school 6-8 years ago, and I have kept it alive since then. To be honest, though, probably the only original hardware is the case that it is in. Since that first computer I have built another gaming computer for my brother in law, a daily email/browser computer for my mother in law, a daily email/broswer computer for my mother, and performed who knows how many hardware upgrades and/or swap outs for various family when their hardware starts to die.

